Pattern matching for quantum circuit optimization (#2032)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Add a function to apply pattern matching algorithm and return the list of maximal matches and also a transform that 
>   uses those results for circuit optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds an optimization transform that matches pieces of user-provided identity templates in a circuit and replaces them with an equivalent component.
```

  [(#2032)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2032)
  
  First let's consider the following circuit where we want to replace sequence of two ``pennylane.S`` gates with a
  ``pennylane.PauliZ`` gate.
  
  ```python
  def circuit():
      qml.S(wires=0)
      qml.PauliZ(wires=0)
      qml.S(wires=1)
      qml.CZ(wires=[0, 1])
      qml.S(wires=1)
      qml.S(wires=2)
      qml.CZ(wires=[1, 2])
      qml.S(wires=2)
      return qml.expval(qml.PauliX(wires=0))
  ```

  Therefore we use the following pattern that implements the identity:

  ```python
  with qml.tape.QuantumTape() as pattern:
      qml.S(wires=0)
      qml.S(wires=0)
      qml.PauliZ(wires=0)
  ```

  For optimizing the circuit given the given following template of CNOTs we apply the `pattern_matching`
  transform.
  
  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=5)
  >>> qnode = qml.QNode(circuit, dev)

>   >>> optimized_qfunc = pattern_matching_optimization(pattern_tapes=[pattern])(circuit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >>> optimized_qfunc = qml.transforms.pattern_matching_optimization(pattern_tapes=[pattern])(circuit)
```

  >>> optimized_qnode = qml.QNode(optimized_qfunc, dev)

  >>> print(qml.draw(qnode)())
  0: ──S──Z─╭C──────────┤  <X>
  1: ──S────╰Z──S─╭C────┤
  2: ──S──────────╰Z──S─┤

  >>> print(qml.draw(optimized_qnode)())
  0: ──S⁻¹─╭C────┤  <X>
  1: ──Z───╰Z─╭C─┤
  2: ──Z──────╰Z─┤
  ```

>   Note that with this pattern we also replace a ``pennylane.S``, ``pennylane.PauliZ`` sequence by ``pennylane.S``.

Reviewer: I think at this point we can just point the reader to the documentation and paper.  The point of examples in the changelog is to catch interest, not explain in detail.
